[Service Bus] Fix credit management based on the buffer capacity for the receivers (#14060)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes

> - [Bug Fix] `expiresAtUtc` is `Invalid Date` in the received message when the ttl is not defined. Has been fixed in [#13543](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/13543)

Reviewer: Wondering why this changelog entry was removed. Was there a merge conflict?

Author: Oh no, I'll revert. Thanks! 🙂

### Bug fixes

> - If there are many outstanding messages that are not settled, `receiveMessages` hangs forever and doesn't return. [#14060](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/14060) fixes the problem by returning an empty array for receiveMessages. If used `subscribe`, more messages will not be received until the outstanding messages are settled.

Author: ```suggestion
- If there are many(2047) outstanding messages that are not settled, 
  - `receiveMessages` hangs forever and doesn't return for unpartitioned queues [Issue #11633](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/11633), 
  - `subscribe` doesn't receive more messages even after settling the unsettled messages [Issue #15114](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/15114)
  [#14060](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/14060) fixes the problem by returning an empty array for receiveMessages. If used `subscribe`, more messages will be received after the outstanding messages are settled.
```

> - If there are many outstanding messages that are not settled, `receiveMessages` hangs forever and doesn't return. [#14060](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/14060) fixes the problem by throwing an error with code `UnsettledMessagesLimitExceeded` for receiveMessages. If used `subscribe`, `processError` will be notified upon exceeding the limit.

Author: ```suggestion
- If there are many outstanding messages that are not settled, `receiveMessages` hangs forever and doesn't return. [#14060](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/14060) fixes the problem by returning an empty array for receiveMessages. If used `subscribe`, more messages will not be received until the outstanding messages are settled.
```

### Bug fixes

- If there are many outstanding messages that are not settled, `receiveMessages` hangs forever and doesn't return. [#14060](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/14060) fixes the problem by throwing an error with code `UnsettledMessagesLimitExceeded` for receiveMessages. If used `subscribe`, `processError` will be notified upon exceeding the limit.

> - `expiresAtUtc` is `Invalid Date` in the received message when the ttl is not defined. Has been fixed in [#13543](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/13543)

Author: ```suggestion
```
